[DOCS] DSB-321: Add workflow diagram to OSS Quickstart (#8804)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/tutorials/quickstart/quickstart.md

- pip
- An internet browser

> ## Quickstart Workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Data validation workflow
```
Our standard for headings is sentence case.

Author: Updated!

> This quickstart walks you through the steps required to implement a simple, end-to-end GX workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This quickstart walks you through the steps required to implement a simple, end-to-end GX workflow.
```
This topic already contains an introductory statement. This statement should introduce the diagram and its purpose. For example:

The following diagram illustrates the GX  data validation workflow. 

I would suggest incorporating this diagram into the overview or adding it before the **Prerequisites** section.

Author: Sounds good - leading sentence edited and section moved to before **Prerequisites**.

    end

%% Define styles for workflow step nodes and container subgraphs.
classDef gxWorkflowStep fill:#FF9B67,stroke-width:0px
style Configure fill:#E6E7E8,stroke-width:0px
style Connect fill:#E6E7E8,stroke-width:0px
style Define fill:#E6E7E8,stroke-width:0px
style Validate fill:#E6E7E8,stroke-width:0px

%% Link each workflow step to underlying documentation.
click Configure_A "https://docs.greatexpectations.io/docs/guides/setup/installation/install_gx"
click Configure_B "https://docs.greatexpectations.io/docs/guides/setup/configuring_data_contexts/instantiating_data_contexts/instantiate_data_context/"
click Connect_A "https://docs.greatexpectations.io/docs/guides/connecting_to_your_data/connect_to_data_lp"
click Connect_B "https://docs.greatexpectations.io/docs/guides/connecting_to_your_data/connect_to_data_lp"
click Define_A "https://docs.greatexpectations.io/docs/terms/validator"
click Define_B "https://docs.greatexpectations.io/docs/guides/expectations/expectations_lp"
click Validate_A "https://docs.greatexpectations.io/docs/guides/validation/checkpoints/checkpoint_lp"
click Validate_B "https://docs.greatexpectations.io/docs/terms/data_docs"
```

> *Click on any individual workflow step to explore additional documentation for that step.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click a workflow step to view related documentation.
```
![image](https://github.com/great-expectations/great_expectations/assets/104205257/3292e9e7-8899-40ef-b56c-4a25de95aa2e)
![image](https://github.com/great-expectations/great_expectations/assets/104205257/88384a10-06d9-4383-8f90-4e31254cfa21)

Reviewer: I recommend incorporating this text into the introductory statement.

Author: Done!

    ```python name="tutorials/quickstart/quickstart.py import_gx"
    ```
## Create a Data Context

- Run the following command to create a <TechnicalTag tag="data_context" text="Data Context"/> object:

    ```python name="tutorials/quickstart/quickstart.py get_context"
    ```
## Connect to Data

- Run the following command to connect to existing `.csv` data stored in the `great_expectations` GitHub repository and create a <TechnicalTag tag="validator" text="Validator"/> object:

    ```python name="tutorials/quickstart/quickstart.py connect_to_data"
    ```

>     This example code uses the default <TechnicalTag tag="data_context" text="Data Context"/> <TechnicalTag tag="datasource" text="Data Source"/> for Pandas to access the `.csv` data from the file at specified URL path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The code example uses the default <TechnicalTag tag="data_context" text="Data Context"/> <TechnicalTag tag="datasource" text="Data Source"/> for Pandas to access the `.csv` data from the file at the specified URL path.
```

Author: Fixed!
